As mentioned at the end of last lecture I now want to install these Seelye and we see the instruction
here on the official Get up page.
We have to run and install minus.
She views Seelye.
So let's do this and PM install dash she views Seelye now on Mac and Linux you may need to put a pseudo
in front of this for it to work.
And I'm then prompted for my password after I did enter it.
And that might not be the required for you.
It will install DC like globally on our machine so that we can use it everywhere on our machine which
is great because we will only use to see eye to set up new future projects.
So it's not directly related to the future as it isn't involved in it compiling or in the bundling of
our view chase code.
It's only used to create these projects based on templates.
So let's finish this installation.
I'll be back once I'm done here on my machine.
The installation of the slide just finished for me the next step is to navigate into a folder where
you want to create your new future project.
I already am in such a folder.
So now we can run view in it and you can find the command on the official Get up page if you want to
look it up.
Then the template name and then the name of your project.
So as I said I'll use the web peg simple template that is this one here.
And then you may choose any project name and that will also become the name of the folder where this
project is placed in.
So in this folder it currently at.
There will be a new folder which is created and that is which will hold the actual project.
So I will name it.
View framework intro.
But of course you're free to choose any other name.
And this will now install this template and ask you a couple of questions you can't answer them with
yes or just hit enter all the time if you want.
You can decide on whether you want to use SAS which is simply SEUS as preprocessor if you don't know
what it is you probably want to enter.
And here to use normal C S S and with that d project was created.
Now you need to use C.D into that folder.
And Iran NPM installed to install all the dependencies which dependencies you might ask.
Well the U.K.'s for example but also a couple of builds tools which are used in this workflow.
So you see we're leaving the world of now just importing one single line view chase and then writing
or code.
But no worries.
Most of the dependencies we install here are actually only required by web peg and so on.
To finally allow us to write our code over multiple files in a very modular way and then bundle all
these files together in the end so that we ship only one script file to our single page which will host
and run our full front end code or complete single page application.
But more on that in the upcoming module on WePay and so on.
So they installation finished and now you can run NPM run def a built in script to run your project
and this will open up the app on localhost 88 you like that.
That's just a demo app shipping with the template but this will be the app we're going to work on starting
in the next lecture.